docs: mention jhack scenario snapshot (#2351)
canonical/operator: docs/howto/manage-relations.md

### Add code to use a relation

> ### Capture live relation state for testing

Author: This is valid, there's probably a better place to mention `jhack` than the very beginning of "use a relation"

When a relation bug only reproduces in a live deployment, you can snapshot the

> live relation state and turn it into a local state-transition test.

Reviewer: A couple of very minor suggestions

```suggestion
When a relation bug is only reproducible in a live deployment, you can snapshot the
live relation state and turn it into a state-transition test.
```

A practical workflow is:

1. Reproduce the issue in a deployed model.
2. Use `jhack scenario snapshot` to export representative relation state.
3. Convert the generated test scaffolding to `ops.testing` (`Context`, `State`,
    and `ctx.on.relation_*` events).

> 4. Keep one failing test that captures the bug, then fix charm code until the

Author: Today, quite a bit because the tool was made for Scenario 6.
Hopefully, tomorrow, a lot less, but fundamentally some things remain:

By default, the tool grabs all observable state (config, all relations, containers, units (for peer relations), etc.). It's verbose and surely not all of this is needed.

Also charm imports need to be fixed typically. And the workload needs to be mocked in a very charm-specific way.
